docs: Fix inaccuracies, unify wording, and expand SDK documentation (#921)
apify/apify-sdk-python: docs/02_concepts/05_proxy_management.mdx

## Using the generated proxy URLs

> `ProxyConfiguration` only generates proxy URLs. It does not make requests itself. Pass a generated URL to whichever HTTP client your Actor uses to route requests through the proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ProxyConfiguration` only generates proxy URLs. It doesn't make requests. To route requests through the proxy, pass a generated URL to the HTTP client your Actor uses.
```
